Sketch_1.md, before:

##Sketch 1

Explore Processing's graphic, video and sound capabilities environments. Create a sketch that based on input (either mouse input, keyboard input or simple camera input), manipulates a sketch's graphics, video or sound. It must be evident how you crafted and bent examples to your will. I don't want to look at a canned example, or a canned example with some whip cream on top. Play. Explore. Experiment.



*Due Feb 27th via your GitHub repo*

Name your Github Repo "II_Sketch_1" and send me a link to it.


Resources:

• [Learning Processing, SECOND EDITION by Daniel Shiffman] (http://learningprocessing.com/) ISBN-13: 978-0123944436 LP
This book is available for purchase in the NYU bookstore, and will be physically on reserve at the NYU School of Engineering library. You can check the status of the book [here](http://library.nyu.edu/). This book in it's initial edition is available as an online book via [here](http://bobcat.library.nyu.edu).

• Look through [Shiffman's Github Repo for the book](https://github.com/shiffman/LearningProcessing), especially with regard to Chapters 15, 16, 20.


• [Learning Processing (Daniel Shiffman, video lectures)](http://icm.shiffman.net/) [More video's here] 
(http://learningprocessing.com/videos/)
 [and even more here] (https://vimeo.com/shiffman)

• [Nature of Code (Daniel Shiffman, video lectures)](https://vimeo.com/channels/natureofcode/videos/page:1/sort:preset)

Commit message:

fixed dead links. added in more language for resources and how to tackle this sketch

Sketch_1.md, after:

##Sketch 1

Explore Processing's graphic, video and sound capabilities environments. Create a sketch that based on input (either mouse input, keyboard input or simple camera input), manipulates a sketch's graphics, video or sound. It must be evident how you crafted and bent examples to your will. I don't want to look at a canned example, or a canned example with some whip cream on top. Play. Explore. Experiment.



*Due Feb 27th via your GitHub repo*

Name your Github Repo "II_Sketch_1" and send me a link to it.

If you are unfamilar with Processing:

1. read the booklet in the resources channel of Slack: Getting Started with Processing.

2. Look over the [Github code examples from Shiffman's Learning Processing text](https://github.com/shiffman/LearningProcessing). Look over the basic examples and get a feeling for how keyboard + mouse interaction work.

3. Then, especially look through Chapters 15, 16, 20 example code. Chapter 15 is important as it covers pixel manipulation. Do read over this before our next class. His videos are fabulous supplemental videos that go over all of this in greater detail. [Check out his video lectures on all of the chapters](https://www.youtube.com/user/shiffman/playlists?sort=dd&view=50&shelf_id=2)



If you are familar with Processing:

1. Review chapter 15's code examples.

2. Read through and play with Chapter 16 + Chapter 20's code examples


###Resources:

• [Learning Processing, SECOND EDITION by Daniel Shiffman] (http://learningprocessing.com/) ISBN-13: 978-0123944436 LP
This book is available for purchase in the NYU bookstore, and will be physically on reserve at the NYU School of Engineering library. You can check the status of the book [here](http://library.nyu.edu/). This book in it's initial edition is available as an online book via [here](http://bobcat.library.nyu.edu).

• Look through [Shiffman's Github Repo for the book](https://github.com/shiffman/LearningProcessing), especially with regard to Chapters 15, 16, 20.


• [Learning Processing (Daniel Shiffman, video lectures, Coding Train)](https://www.youtube.com/user/shiffman/playlists?sort=dd&view=50&shelf_id=2). There are many videos here for each chapter in the book.
 [Additional videos can be found here:](http://learningprocessing.com/videos/)
 
 [and even more here](https://www.youtube.com/user/shiffman)

• [Nature of Code (Daniel Shiffman, video lectures)](https://vimeo.com/channels/natureofcode/videos/page:1/sort:preset)
